<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.5//EN" "http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.5/docbookx.dtd">
<?asciidoc-toc?>
<?asciidoc-numbered?>
<refentry lang="en">
<refentryinfo>
    <title>kwallet-query(1)</title>
</refentryinfo>
<refmeta>
<refentrytitle>kwallet-query</refentrytitle>
<manvolnum>1</manvolnum>
<refmiscinfo class="source">&#160;</refmiscinfo>
<refmiscinfo class="manual">&#160;</refmiscinfo>
</refmeta>
<refnamediv>
    <refname>kwallet-query</refname>
    <refpurpose>KDE Wallet command-line manipulation tool</refpurpose>
</refnamediv>
<refsynopsisdiv id="_synopsis">
<simpara><emphasis role="strong">kwallet-query</emphasis> <emphasis>OPTIONS</emphasis> <emphasis>wallet</emphasis></simpara>
</refsynopsisdiv>
<refsect1 id="_description">
<title>DESCRIPTION</title>
<simpara>
  kwallet-query comes in handy when shell scripts need to read or update the KDE Wallet. It works by manipulating the entries
  displayed in the <emphasis role="strong">KDE Wallet Manager</emphasis> utility. It&#8217;s only parameter is the
  <emphasis>wallet</emphasis> name the tool should read or update. The operation mode is specified by the options.
</simpara>
</refsect1>
<refsect1 id="_options">
<title>OPTIONS</title>
<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term>
<emphasis role="strong">-h,--help</emphasis>
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
  Display a short help message
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
<emphasis role="strong">-l,--list-entries</emphasis>
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
  List password entries. These are the folder names displayed in the <emphasis role="strong">KDE Wallet Manager</emphasis>
  utility.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
<emphasis role="strong">-r,--read-password</emphasis> <emphasis>Entry</emphasis>
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
  Read the contents of the given <emphasis>Entry</emphasis> from the <emphasis role="strong">Folder</emphasis> section of the
  <emphasis>wallet</emphasis> and output it on the standard output. Maps are exported as JSON object.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
<emphasis role="strong">-w,--write-password</emphasis> <emphasis>Entry</emphasis>
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
  Write secrets to the given <emphasis>Entry</emphasis> under the <emphasis role="strong">Folder</emphasis> section of the given
  <emphasis>wallet</emphasis>. The secrets are read from the standard input. Maps take in input a well-formed JSON object.
  <emphasis role="strong">IMPORTANT</emphasis> previous wallet entry value will be overwritten by this option, so
  be careful when using it!
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
<emphasis role="strong">-f,--folder</emphasis> <emphasis>Folder</emphasis>
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
  Set the <emphasis>wallet</emphasis> folder to <emphasis>Folder</emphasis> value. By default <emphasis role="strong">Passwords</emphasis> is used.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
<emphasis role="strong">-v,--verbose</emphasis>
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
  Output more information when performing the operation, to help debugging.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</refsect1>
<refsect1 id="_exit_status">
<title>EXIT STATUS</title>
<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term>
<emphasis role="strong">0</emphasis>
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
  Success
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
<emphasis role="strong">1</emphasis>
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
  The wallet <emphasis>wallet</emphasis> was not found
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
<emphasis role="strong">2</emphasis>
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
  The wallet <emphasis>wallet</emphasis> could not be opened. For example, that would be an indication
  of a bad password entry or some other problem with the KDE Wallet system
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
<emphasis role="strong">3</emphasis>
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
  The <emphasis role="strong">Folder</emphasis> section was not found inside the wallet <emphasis>wallet</emphasis>. Perhaps the
  wallet file is corrupt?
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
<emphasis role="strong">4</emphasis>
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
  The read or write operation has failed for some reason.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</refsect1>
<refsect1 id="_bugs">
<title>BUGS</title>
<simpara>Please report all bugs on the KDE bug reporting website: bugs.kde.org. Be sure to
select kwallet-query when submitting your bug-report.</simpara>
</refsect1>
<refsect1 id="_author">
<title>AUTHOR</title>
<simpara>kwallet-query was originally written by Valentin Rusu and is part of KDE.</simpara>
</refsect1>
<refsect1 id="_copying">
<title>COPYING</title>
<simpara>Copyright (C) 2015 Valentin Rusu. Free use of this software is
granted under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).</simpara>
</refsect1>
</refentry>
